# Meeting Summary ‚Äì Project Planning
*Date: October 27, 2025*

## üìã Participants
- Lisa Wang
- Jiesen Zhang
- Mason Li
- Jai Malegaonkar
- Chenhao Yan
- Brandon Lai
- Saniya Patil
- Zheng Yuan
- Tian Zhang
- Nikita Johny Kachappilly
- ~~Andrew (dropping)~~
- +1 unknown member (dropped)

## üìù Main Discussion Points

### 1. Meeting Logistics & Note-taking
- Note-taking will rotate each meeting
- Jiesen proposed using GPT for transcript summarization

### 2. Project Overview
- Project proposal due next Sunday (8‚Äì10 page PDF/slide deck)
- Required core features:
  - User management & authentication
  - Class directory
  - Attendance system
  - Work journal / stand-up tool
- Note: Cannot use professor's provided wireframes directly

### 3. Initial Design & Tech Discussion
- Inspiration: 
  - Moodle (QR code attendance)
  - Canvas
- Technical considerations:
  - Hosting: DigitalOcean
  - Authentication: OAuth/2FA
  - Accessibility: Translation support
  - Security: Database encryption
- Tech stack constraints:
  - Professor requires vanilla tech stack (HTML, CSS, JS)
  - Need to clarify framework allowance

### 4. Team Structure & Roles

| Group | Members | Lead | Focus |
|-------|----------|------|-------|
| Front-End | Lisa, Zheng, Chenhao, Mason | Zheng Yuan | UI & client-side |
| Back-End | Mason, Brandon, Saniya, Tian, Nikita | Mason Li | Core functionality & data handling |
| Infrastructure | Jiesen, Jai, Dennis | Jai Malegaonkar | Deployment, Docker, CI/CD |

Additional responsibilities:
- Lisa: Set up project channels
- Jiesen: Monitor other groups for coordination

### 5. Coordination & Scale
Discussed merging with another team:
- **Pros**: More manpower
- **Cons**: Heavier coordination
- **Decision**: Team leaned toward staying independent

### 6. Scheduling
- Tuesday: Clarify stack/framework questions with professor
- Friday (before 4 PM): Team design doc meeting
- Each group to draft feature implementation plans:
  - Stack
  - Responsibilities
  - Timeline

## ‚úÖ To-Do / Next Steps

### All Members
- Brainstorm feature ideas for design doc

### Group Leads
- Coordinate sub-meetings
- Define tech stack & timeline

### Individual Groups
- Decide on core technologies
- Make decisions on authentication/database choices
- Prepare at least one draft design component for Friday's meeting

## üìÖ Important Dates
- **Tuesday**: Tech stack clarification with professor
- **Friday**: Full-team meeting to integrate group outputs

---
*Note: Each group should bring at least one draft design component to Friday's meeting.*